# William Strunk JR. / E.B.White--THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE (illustrated)

 第一遍阅读时间 2020/06/30 ~ 2020/07/31


## 书目信息

| 书名     | THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE(illustrated) |
| -------- | ---------------------------------- |
| 作者     | William Strunk JR. / E.B.White     |
| 出版社   |                                    |
|          |                                    |
| 印刷经销 |                                    |
| 开本印张 |                                    |
| 字数     |                                    |
| 版次     |                                    |
| 书号     | 978-0-14-311272-3                  |
| 定价     |                                    |

###  图书在版编目（CIP）数据



#### 书目详细信息



## 总评

这本书简单扫完了一遍，讲了很多文法书写规范，用词规范，最后给了些修辞建议。虽然目前我的英语水平还达不到使用这些修辞手法的程度，不过还是挺有裨益的，而且对于中文写作也是有帮助的。另外这本书其实比较类似那种经常查阅的工具书，以后在阅读时或许还会多多翻看吧。

## 读书笔记

### Foreword by Roger Angell

Summoned at last for lunch, he was silent and preoccupied, and soon excused himself to get back to the job. 

The result, this quiet book, has been in print for forty years, and has offered more than ten million writers a helping hand.

E. B. White's prose is celebrated for its ease and clarity — just think of Charlotte's Web — but maintaining this standard required endless attention. 

Sylvia Plath has knocked Keats out of the box, and I notice that "America" has become "this country" in a sample text, to forestall a subsequent and possibly demeaning "she" in the same paragraph. 

 E-mail is conversation, and it may be replacing the sweet and endless talking we once sustained (and tucked away) within the informal letter. But we are all writers and readers as well as communicators, with the need at times to please and satisfy ourselves (as White put it) with the clear and almost perfect thought. 

（无月按：前言是E. B. White的儿子写的，主要介绍了本书的目的，E.B.White的为人，尤其是是他对写作的态度。看得出，Roger Angell很尊敬这位父亲。）



### Introduction

The Elements of Style, when I reexamined it in 1957, seemed to me to contain rich deposits of gold. It was Will Strunk's parvum opus, his attempt to cut the vast tangle of English rhetoric down to size and write its rules and principles on the head of a pin. 

（无月按：插图版里讲tangle写成了triangle，应该是插图版写错了）

 Today, fifty-two years later, its vigor is unimpaired, and for sheer pith I think it probably sets a record that is not likely to be broken. 

 This chapter (Chapter V) is addressed particularly to those who feel that English prose composition is not only a necessary skill but a sensible pursuit as well — a way to spend one's days. I think Professor Strunk would not object to that. 

A second edition of the book was published in 1972. I have now completed a third revision. 

Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts. This requires not that the writer make all sentences short or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every word tell. 

Perhaps the book has become something of a curiosity. To me, it still seems to maintain its original poise, standing, in a drafty time, erect, resolute, and assured. I still find the Strunkian wisdom a comfort, the Strunkian humor a delight, and the Strunkian attitude toward right-and- wrong a blessing undisguised. 

 1979

（无月按：这篇引言是作者兼修订人写的，同时也是作者之一。大概写了自己对老师的印象以及本书的内容。引言写于1979年，这本书也确实有些年头了。看完引言觉得或许我现在看这本书有些早，或者说我应该先大略看一下，以后有空再详细看吧。）

### I Elementary Rules of Usage 

#### 1. Form the possessive singular of nouns by adding 's. 

####  2. In a series of three or more terms with a single conjunction, use a comma after each term except the last. 

#### 3. Enclose parenthetic expressions between commas. 

#### 4. Place a comma before a conjunction introducing an independent clause. 

#### 5. Do not join independent clauses with a comma. 

#### 6. Do not break sentences in two. 

#### 7. Use a colon after an independent clause to introduce a list of particulars, an appositive, an amplification, or an illustrative quotation. 

#### 8. Use a dash to set off an abrupt break or interruption and to announce a long appositive or summary. 

#### 9. The number of the subject determines the number of the verb. 

The Republican Headquarters is on this side of the tracks. 

But 

The general's quarters are across the river. 

In these cases the writer must simply learn the idioms. The contents of a book is singular. The contents of a jar may be either singular or plural, depending on what's in the jar — jam or marbles. 

#### 10. Use the proper case of pronoun.

#### 11. A participial phrase at the beginning of a sentence must refer to the grammatical subject. 

### II Elementary Principles of Composition 

#### 12. Choose a suitable design and hold to it. 

#### 13. Make the paragraph the unit of composition. 

#### 14. Use the active voice. 

#### 15. Put statements in positive form. 

#### 16. Use definite, specific, concrete language. 

#### 17. Omit needless words. 

#### 18. Avoid a succession of loose sentences. 

#### 19. Express coordinate ideas in similar form. 

#### 20. Keep related words together. 

#### 21. In summaries, keep to one tense. 

#### 22. Place the emphatic words of a sentence at the end. 

### III A Few Matters of Form 

Colloquialisms. If you use a colloquialism or a slang word or phrase, simply use it; do not draw attention to it by enclosing it in quotation marks. To do so is to put on airs, as though you were inviting the reader to join you in a select society of those who know better. 

Exclamations. Do not attempt to emphasize simple statements by using a mark of exclamation. 

Headings. If a manuscript is to be submitted for publication, leave plenty of space at the top of page 1. The editor will need this space to write directions to the compositor. Place the heading, or title, at least a fourth of the way down the page. Leave a blank line, or its equivalent in space, after the heading. On succeeding pages, begin near the top, but not so near as to give a crowded appearance. Omit the period after a title or heading. A question mark or an exclamation point may be used if the heading calls for it. 

Hyphen. When two or more words are combined to form a compound adjective, a hyphen is usually required. 

Margins. Keep righthand and lefthand margins roughly the same width. Exception: If a great deal of annotating or editing is anticipated, the lefthand margin should be roomy enough to accommodate this work. 

Numerals. Do not spell out dates or other serial numbers. Write them in figures or in Roman notation, as appropriate. 

Parentheses. A sentence containing an expression in parentheses is punctuated outside the last mark of parenthesis exactly as if the parenthetical expression were absent. The expression within the marks is punctuated as if it stood by itself, except that the final stop is omitted unless it is a question mark or an exclamation point. 

Quotations. Formal quotations cited as documentary evidence are introduced by a colon and enclosed in quotation marks. 

References. In scholarly work requiring exact references, abbreviate titles that occur frequently, giving the full forms in an alphabetical list at the end. As a general practice, give the references in parentheses or in footnotes, not in the body of the sentence. Omit the words act, scene, line, book, volume, page, except when referring to only one of them. Punctuate as indicated below. 

Syllabication. When a word must be divided at the end of a line, consult a dictionary to learn the syllables between which division should be made. The student will do well to examine the syllable division in a number of pages of any carefully printed book. 

Titles. For the titles of literary works, scholarly usage prefers italics with capitalized initials. The usage of editors and publishers varies, some using italics with capitalized initials, others using Roman with capitalized initials and with or without quotation marks. Use italics (indicated in manuscript by underscoring) except in writing for a periodical that follows a different practice. Omit initial A or The from titles when you place the possessive before them. 

### IV Words and Expressions Commonly Misused 

MANY of the words and expressions listed here are not so much bad English as bad style, the commonplaces of careless writing. As illustrated under Feature, the proper correction is likely to be not the replacement of one word or set of words by another but the replacement of vague generality by definite statement. 

（无月按：本章都是容易误用的词，包括很多同义词近义词辨析，按字典排序，太多，就不贴了。）

### V An Approach to Style (With a List of Reminders) 

UP TO this point, the book has been concerned with what is correct, or acceptable, in the use of English. 

#### 1. Place yourself in the background. 

#### 2. Write in a way that comes naturally.

#### 3. Work from a suitable design. 

#### 4. Write with nouns and verbs. 

#### 5. Revise and rewrite. 

#### 6. Do not overwrite

#### 7. Do not overstate. 

#### 8. Avoid the use of qualifiers. 

#### 9. Do not affect a breezy manner. 

#### 10. Use orthodox spelling. 

#### 11. Do not explain too much. 

#### 12. Do not construct awkward adverbs. 

#### 13. Make sure the reader knows who is speaking. 

#### 14. Avoid fancy words. 

#### 15. Do not use dialect unless your ear is good. 

#### 16. Be clear. 

#### 17. Do not inject opinion. 

#### 18. Use figures of speech sparingly. 

#### 19. Do not take shortcuts at the cost of clarity. 

#### 20. Avoid foreign languages. 

#### 21. Prefer the standard to the offbeat. 

### Afterword

（无月按：编辑写的一些后记吧）

### Glossary

（无月按：之后是一些专业词汇表和词汇索引）